gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-central1 \
    --display-name=tes \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-east1 \
    --display-name=tes2 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-east4 \
    --display-name=tes3 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west1 \
    --display-name=tes4 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west2 \
    --display-name=tes5 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west3 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west4 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-south1 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=northamerica-northeast1 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=northamerica-northeast2 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=southamerica-east1 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-east1 \
    --display-name=tes7 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-east2 \
    --display-name=tes7 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-northeast1 \
    --display-name=tes8 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-northeast3 \
    --display-name=tes8 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-south1 \
    --display-name=tes9 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-southeast1 \
    --display-name=tes10 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-southeast2 \
    --display-name=tes10 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=australia-southeast1 \
    --display-name=tes11 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-central2 \
    --display-name=tes12 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west1 \
    --display-name=tes13 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west2 \
    --display-name=tes14 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west3 \
    --display-name=tes15 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west4 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west6 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west9 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=me-west1 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-central1 \
    --display-name=tes \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-east1 \
    --display-name=tes2 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-east4 \
    --display-name=tes3 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west1 \
    --display-name=tes4 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west2 \
    --display-name=tes5 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west3 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-west4 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=us-south1 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=northamerica-northeast1 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=northamerica-northeast2 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=southamerica-east1 \
    --display-name=tes6 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-east1 \
    --display-name=tes7 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-east2 \
    --display-name=tes7 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-northeast1 \
    --display-name=tes8 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-northeast3 \
    --display-name=tes8 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-south1 \
    --display-name=tes9 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-southeast1 \
    --display-name=tes10 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=asia-southeast2 \
    --display-name=tes10 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=australia-southeast1 \
    --display-name=tes11 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-central2 \
    --display-name=tes12 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west1 \
    --display-name=tes13 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west2 \
    --display-name=tes14 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west3 \
    --display-name=tes15 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west4 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west6 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=europe-west9 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config1.yaml
gcloud ai custom-jobs create \
    --region=me-west1 \
    --display-name=tes16 \
    --config=config1.yaml